CS 111, Lab 1A

Name: Nitin Gaddipati 
UID: 404178323

Name: Ishan Roy Choudhury
UID: 404195737

Our implementation for this part of the lab involved reading in the input file into a buffer, parsing it and converting it into a list of tokens, making sure they were valid, and then converting them into a stream of commands. At this point, we are not aware of any major limitations to our code. 

Lab 1C
----------
There are no known limitations. 

1) Must the first column of the log output be in nondecreasing order? If not, give a counterexample.

Since we used CLOCK_REALTIME, the first column need not be in nondecreasing order. This is because
CLOCK_REALTIME can easily be changed. Furthermore, day light savings affects this times. For example, 
the clock will move back an hour at the start of the spring equinox thus invalidating the statement
that the log output will always be in nondecreasing order. 


2) Can the second column be less than the sum of the third and fourth columns, other than due to rounding errors? If so, explain why.

This can be possible during multi-threading. The third and fourth columns represent CPU and system time respectively while the second column represents execution time. Usually, CPU time is much less than the execution time of a program, however, in this case, the CPU time will be the sum of the running time of each individual thread thus drastically 
increasing the sum of both CPU and system time. However, execution time will decrease since the program will run much 
faster due to multi-threading but the sum of the 3rd and 4th columns may be greater in these situations.

However, in general, this does not usually occur as the execution time includes much more than just the CPU and system time. 


3) Can the second, third, or fourth column ever be negative? Briefly explain.

This is impossible because by using CLOCK_MONOTONIC when calculating differences, a non-negative value will always result. 

4) How did you test your shell to make sure that log lines are not interleaved? If you used test scripts, submit a copy of the scripts as part of your submission tarball.

We did not test to make sure tha log line are not interleaved. This is because there were no such instances in our 
program where this could occur. 